Add localnetworks APIs (#117)
nethesis/nethvoice-wizard-restapi: README.md

Return the external IP as seen from an external service

### Local networks

SIP NAT configuration, requires the lost of networks to be used without NAT, that can be configured with these two APIs:

```
GET /configuration/localnetworks
```

Return the current configured localnetworks, for example:

```
[
    {
        "net":"192.168.122.0",
        "mask":"24"
    },
    {
        "net":"192.168.7.0",
        "mask":"24"
    }
]
```

```
POST /configuration/localnetworks
```

> Accept a jason array of local networks and cidr in body:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accept a JSON array of local networks and CIDR mask in body:
```
